If you're this far into the course, I probably don't have to sell you.

On the importance of communication skills.

If you didn't think they were important, why would you be here?

But I do think it's important to kind of step back for just a moment and put it in perspective.

When you look at the most successful people in any field, whether it's politics, business, high tech,

finance, even the sciences, so much of what that person does all day long is they communicate.

They speak to investors, to voters, to employees, to vendors, to customers, to clients.

They have to listen to the concerns of their investors, of their customers, of their clients, of

their patients.

The higher you go up in any career other than perhaps writing novels, it's about how well you communicate

in a non written way.

Now, obviously writing is a form of communication.

That's the form of communication.

We're going to spend the least amount of time here in this course because it is something that's taught

every day in school your entire life.

What's not taught is how to communicate by speaking, verbal communication, nonverbal communication,

basically any form of communication other than writing or typing.

That's what isn't taught.

And yet, ultimately, that's what could decide whether your career ends here, here, here or down

here.

So I want to congratulate you for devoting some time, investing your energy, your resources into improving

yourself as a communicator.

And I just want to redouble those efforts for you because, again, you look at the successful people

you admire, they might not be silver tongued orators, but they are good communicators.

Even someone you think of who is not your favorite politician doesn't give a great speech.

Even people like that.

You see them in a small room one on one or with ten people.

They can have contributors eating out of the palm of their hands.

Now, you may have no interest in running for office or ever asking for money, but I guarantee you

there are aspects of your life, your personal life, your professional life where you can benefit by

being a better communicator.

So that's why as we go through this whole course, you're going to see some sections that will apply

to you, some that don't.
