
I'm here to tell you one individual can get a huge mega corp, pay attention.

You can communicate with corporations and even get what you want if you go about it the right way.

Let me give you a case study.

This was earlier this year, and I don't mean to sound like I'm picking on one company.

It could happen to any company at some point.

This happened to be with my local sprint store where I bought a cell phone.

I bought many cell phones there, so I purchased the phone.

I've had many phones from there, purchased a case, and I couldn't hear people could not hear me.

I thought there was a problem.

The phone needed an update.

I thought it would work itself.

It didn't.

I took it to Apple.

They said, Oh, your problem is the case.

It turns out the Apple store didn't do anything wrong.

The Sprint store had sold me the wrong case.

I had made the purchase based on their estimate.

I went back.

I was very polite.

Nice.

I just said, I'd like a refund.

They wouldn't give it to me.

And I was polite.

I called, ask to speak to the manager, went by, left my business card, nothing.

I figured.

Do I really want to waste time writing letters?

It was only a $70 case, but still it just stuck in my crawl.

Because at this point, I've bought many phones from this one sprint store here in Huntington, New

York, outside of New York City.

I just thought it was a really poor way of treating a customer, and I wanted to communicate that.

But how do you do that?

Typically, if you're in a store and you see a customer service, you see people in line and they're

getting angry and they're yelling at some poor customer service representative and they're yelling.

Sometimes they're cursing.

And it's just easy to discount that person, Oh, you're just being obnoxious.

Go away.

So that's not what I did.

I had a very specific strategy where I wanted to communicate my message in a thoughtful way, a polite

way, and most important, a way that would get results.

I want you to watch the video and I apologize.

It's a little bit long.

It's about 5 minutes long.

But this is a video I posted.

And then here's what I did.

I emailed it to the local store manager.

The Sprint CEO from their website, the head of Investor Relations and Public Relations from their website.

And it caused a massive snarl.

And I got a lot of phone calls.

I'll tell you about the results after this.

But first, I want you to see the video and then I will tell you why I did it that way, why I'm dressed

that way, why the approach I chose worked.

So take a look at the next video, then I'll explain it and then we'll figure out how can you do this

in your own life?

Because I'm sure if you've ever bought anything, if you've ever used it, services of a cable-TV company

or phone company, at some point you feel like you weren't treated perfectly.

This is the solution for you.
